CHECKPOINT.md, before:

# Development Checkpoint - November 2025

## Current Status

All backend infrastructure and Chrome extension foundation is complete. Ready for next phase of development.

## ✅ Completed

### 1. JSON Schemas
- ✅ `schemas/candidate_cv_normalized.json` (version `cvx-1.2.0`)
- ✅ `schemas/job_description_normalized.json` (version `jdx-1.0.0`)
- ✅ Schema versioning with migration strategy documented
- ✅ `SCHEMA_MIGRATION.md` - Complete migration guide

### 2. Endorsement Prompt
- ✅ `prompts/endorsement_prompt.txt` - Few-shot ready prompt template
- ✅ Structured output format with evidence requirements
- ✅ Multiple examples included

### 3. Chrome Extension (LinkedIn Outreach Assist)
- ✅ Manifest v3 structure
- ✅ React + Shadow DOM UI
- ✅ LinkedIn composer integration
- ✅ Resilient DOM selectors with logging
- ✅ User-initiated actions only (compliance)
- ✅ `POLICIES_COMPLIANCE.md` - Compliance documentation
- ✅ `BACKEND_INTEGRATION.md` - Integration guide

### 4. FastAPI Backend
- ✅ Complete API structure with 3 endpoints:
  - `POST /ingest/cv` - CV file upload → normalized JSON
  - `POST /normalize/jd` - Free-text JD → normalized JSON
  - `POST /endorsement/generate` - CV + JD + Interview → endorsement
- ✅ Pydantic models mirroring JSON schemas
- ✅ Service stubs (CV parser, JD normalizer, endorsement writer)
- ✅ Factory pattern app structure
- ✅ CORS middleware configured

### 5. Testing Infrastructure
- ✅ Dockerfile for containerized deployment
- ✅ Pytest test suite:
  - `test_models.py` - Model validation tests
  - `test_cv_parser.py` - CV parser stub tests
  - `test_jd_normalizer.py` - JD normalizer tests
  - `test_endorsement_writer.py` - Endorsement generation tests
- ✅ Pytest configuration with coverage support
- ✅ Dev dependencies configured (pytest, httpx, pytest-cov)

### 6. Documentation
- ✅ `README.md` - Quick start guide
- ✅ `NOTES.md` - Development notes and next steps
- ✅ `SCHEMA_MIGRATION.md` - Schema versioning strategy
- ✅ `POLICIES_COMPLIANCE.md` - LinkedIn compliance
- ✅ `CHALLENGES_IMPLEMENTED.md` - Challenge solutions
- ✅ Testing best practices and accuracy checks

## 📋 Next Steps (When Returning)

### Priority 1: Backend Implementation
1. **Replace CV Parser Stub**
   - Implement real PDF/DOCX parsing
   - Add PDF parsing library (pdfplumber/pypdf2)
   - Add DOCX parsing library (python-docx)
   - Or implement LLM-based extraction
   - Add golden CV/JD pairs for regression testing

2. **Replace JD Normalizer Stub**
   - Implement LLM extraction for free-text JDs
   - Or add rule-based parsing
   - Validate against schema

3. **Replace Endorsement Writer with LLM**
   - Load endorsement prompt template
   - Integrate OpenAI/Anthropic API
   - Use few-shot examples from prompt
   - Maintain evidence requirements

### Priority 2: Integration
4. **Wire Chrome Extension to Backend**
   - Update `DraftButton.tsx` to call backend API
   - Add authentication handling
   - Implement error handling with fallbacks
   - Test end-to-end flow

### Priority 3: Testing & Quality
5. **Add Golden Test Data**
   - Create `app/tests/fixtures/golden_cv_jd_pairs.json`
   - Add regression tests for known CV/JD combinations
   - Test borderline cases (many △ vs few ✔)

6. **Add Borderline Case Tests**
   - Test recommendation logic for edge cases
   - Verify evidence requirements
   - Test format compliance

### Priority 4: Production Readiness
7. **Security & Authentication**
   - Tighten CORS configuration
   - Add JWT/API key authentication
   - Add rate limiting
   - Security audit

8. **Infrastructure**
   - Add database (PostgreSQL) for storing parsed CVs/JDs
   - Add caching layer (Redis)
   - Add logging and monitoring
   - Set up CI/CD pipeline

## 🔗 Key Files Reference

### Backend API
- **Entry Point**: `recruit-assist-api/app/main.py`
- **Models**: `recruit-assist-api/app/models.py`
- **Routers**: `recruit-assist-api/app/routers/`
- **Services**: `recruit-assist-api/app/services/`
- **Tests**: `recruit-assist-api/app/tests/`

### Chrome Extension
- **Manifest**: `linkedin-outreach-assist/manifest.json`
- **Content Script**: `linkedin-outreach-assist/src/contentScript.tsx`
- **UI Component**: `linkedin-outreach-assist/src/ui/DraftButton.tsx`
- **Composer Utility**: `linkedin-outreach-assist/src/lib/linkedinComposer.ts`

### Schemas & Prompts
- **CV Schema**: `schemas/candidate_cv_normalized.json`
- **JD Schema**: `schemas/job_description_normalized.json`
- **Endorsement Prompt**: `prompts/endorsement_prompt.txt`

### Documentation
- **Development Notes**: `recruit-assist-api/NOTES.md`
- **Schema Migration**: `SCHEMA_MIGRATION.md`
- **Compliance**: `POLICIES_COMPLIANCE.md`
- **Integration Guide**: `linkedin-outreach-assist/BACKEND_INTEGRATION.md`

## 🚀 Quick Start Commands

### Backend API
```bash
cd recruit-assist-api
pip install -e ".[dev]"
uvicorn app.main:app --reload
```

### Run Tests
```bash
cd recruit-assist-api
pytest
pytest --cov=app --cov-report=term-missing
```

### Docker
```bash
cd recruit-assist-api
docker build -t recruit-assist-api:dev .
docker run -p 8000:8000 recruit-assist-api:dev
```

### Chrome Extension
```bash
cd linkedin-outreach-assist
npm install
npm run build
# Load unpacked extension in Chrome
```

## 📝 Important Notes

- **CV Parser**: Currently a stub returning mock data. Replace with real parser.
- **JD Normalizer**: Currently a stub with defaults. Replace with LLM extraction.
- **Endorsement Writer**: Currently rule-based. Swap in LLM call using the prompt template.
- **CORS**: Currently open (`allow_origins=["*"]`). Tighten before production.
- **Authentication**: Not implemented yet. Add before exposing outside localhost.
- **Tests**: Test suite covers stubs. Add golden pairs when implementing real parsers.

## 🎯 Current Commit

- **Latest Commit**: `e2acea3`
- **Branch**: `main`
- **Repository**: https://github.com/HTwebsitesolution/BershawRecruitment

---

**Last Updated**: November 3, 2025
**Status**: Backend foundation complete, ready for implementation phase

Commit message:

Add LLM integration and outreach automation features
- Add centralized OpenAI client and settings management
- Add tone profile management (reusable voice/templates)
- Add outreach writer and reply router services
- Add LLM-based endorsement generation (opt-in with ?use_llm=true)
- Add LLM-based outreach personalization (opt-in with ?mode=llm)
- Integrate Chrome extension with backend API endpoints
- Add comprehensive tests for outreach and LLM services
- Update dependencies (openai>=1.51.0, pydantic-settings)
- Add .env.example for environment variable documentation

CHECKPOINT.md, after:

# Development Checkpoint - November 2025

## Current Status

All backend infrastructure and Chrome extension foundation is complete. Ready for next phase of development.

## ✅ Completed

### 1. JSON Schemas
- ✅ `schemas/candidate_cv_normalized.json` (version `cvx-1.2.0`)
- ✅ `schemas/job_description_normalized.json` (version `jdx-1.0.0`)
- ✅ Schema versioning with migration strategy documented
- ✅ `SCHEMA_MIGRATION.md` - Complete migration guide

### 2. Endorsement Prompt
- ✅ `prompts/endorsement_prompt.txt` - Few-shot ready prompt template
- ✅ Structured output format with evidence requirements
- ✅ Multiple examples included

### 3. Chrome Extension (LinkedIn Outreach Assist)
- ✅ Manifest v3 structure
- ✅ React + Shadow DOM UI
- ✅ LinkedIn composer integration
- ✅ Resilient DOM selectors with logging
- ✅ User-initiated actions only (compliance)
- ✅ `POLICIES_COMPLIANCE.md` - Compliance documentation
- ✅ `BACKEND_INTEGRATION.md` - Integration guide

### 4. FastAPI Backend
- ✅ Complete API structure with 3 endpoints:
  - `POST /ingest/cv` - CV file upload → normalized JSON
  - `POST /normalize/jd` - Free-text JD → normalized JSON
  - `POST /endorsement/generate` - CV + JD + Interview → endorsement
- ✅ Pydantic models mirroring JSON schemas
- ✅ Service stubs (CV parser, JD normalizer, endorsement writer)
- ✅ Factory pattern app structure
- ✅ CORS middleware configured

### 5. Testing Infrastructure
- ✅ Dockerfile for containerized deployment
- ✅ Pytest test suite:
  - `test_models.py` - Model validation tests
  - `test_cv_parser.py` - CV parser stub tests
  - `test_jd_normalizer.py` - JD normalizer tests
  - `test_endorsement_writer.py` - Endorsement generation tests
- ✅ Pytest configuration with coverage support
- ✅ Dev dependencies configured (pytest, httpx, pytest-cov)

### 6. Documentation
- ✅ `README.md` - Quick start guide
- ✅ `NOTES.md` - Development notes and next steps
- ✅ `SCHEMA_MIGRATION.md` - Schema versioning strategy
- ✅ `POLICIES_COMPLIANCE.md` - LinkedIn compliance
- ✅ `CHALLENGES_IMPLEMENTED.md` - Challenge solutions
- ✅ Testing best practices and accuracy checks

## 📋 Next Steps (When Returning)

### Priority 1: Backend Implementation
1. **Replace CV Parser Stub**
   - Implement real PDF/DOCX parsing
   - Add PDF parsing library (pdfplumber/pypdf2)
   - Add DOCX parsing library (python-docx)
   - Or implement LLM-based extraction
   - Add golden CV/JD pairs for regression testing

2. **Replace JD Normalizer Stub**
   - Implement LLM extraction for free-text JDs
   - Or add rule-based parsing
   - Validate against schema

3. ✅ **Replace Endorsement Writer with LLM** - **COMPLETED**
   - ✅ Load endorsement prompt template from `prompts/endorsement_prompt.txt`
   - ✅ Integrate OpenAI API (with fallback to rule-based if API key not set)
   - ✅ Use few-shot examples from prompt
   - ✅ Maintain evidence requirements
   - ✅ Environment variable support (OPENAI_API_KEY, OPENAI_MODEL)
   - ✅ Automatic fallback to rule-based implementation for testing

### Priority 2: Integration
4. **Wire Chrome Extension to Backend**
   - Update `DraftButton.tsx` to call backend API
   - Add authentication handling
   - Implement error handling with fallbacks
   - Test end-to-end flow

### Priority 3: Testing & Quality
5. **Add Golden Test Data**
   - Create `app/tests/fixtures/golden_cv_jd_pairs.json`
   - Add regression tests for known CV/JD combinations
   - Test borderline cases (many △ vs few ✔)

6. **Add Borderline Case Tests**
   - Test recommendation logic for edge cases
   - Verify evidence requirements
   - Test format compliance

### Priority 4: Production Readiness
7. **Security & Authentication**
   - Tighten CORS configuration
   - Add JWT/API key authentication
   - Add rate limiting
   - Security audit

8. **Infrastructure**
   - Add database (PostgreSQL) for storing parsed CVs/JDs
   - Add caching layer (Redis)
   - Add logging and monitoring
   - Set up CI/CD pipeline

## 🔗 Key Files Reference

### Backend API
- **Entry Point**: `recruit-assist-api/app/main.py`
- **Models**: `recruit-assist-api/app/models.py`
- **Routers**: `recruit-assist-api/app/routers/`
- **Services**: `recruit-assist-api/app/services/`
- **Tests**: `recruit-assist-api/app/tests/`

### Chrome Extension
- **Manifest**: `linkedin-outreach-assist/manifest.json`
- **Content Script**: `linkedin-outreach-assist/src/contentScript.tsx`
- **UI Component**: `linkedin-outreach-assist/src/ui/DraftButton.tsx`
- **Composer Utility**: `linkedin-outreach-assist/src/lib/linkedinComposer.ts`

### Schemas & Prompts
- **CV Schema**: `schemas/candidate_cv_normalized.json`
- **JD Schema**: `schemas/job_description_normalized.json`
- **Endorsement Prompt**: `prompts/endorsement_prompt.txt`

### Documentation
- **Development Notes**: `recruit-assist-api/NOTES.md`
- **Schema Migration**: `SCHEMA_MIGRATION.md`
- **Compliance**: `POLICIES_COMPLIANCE.md`
- **Integration Guide**: `linkedin-outreach-assist/BACKEND_INTEGRATION.md`

## 🚀 Quick Start Commands

### Backend API
```bash
cd recruit-assist-api
pip install -e ".[dev]"
uvicorn app.main:app --reload
```

### Run Tests
```bash
cd recruit-assist-api
pytest
pytest --cov=app --cov-report=term-missing
```

### Docker
```bash
cd recruit-assist-api
docker build -t recruit-assist-api:dev .
docker run -p 8000:8000 recruit-assist-api:dev
```

### Chrome Extension
```bash
cd linkedin-outreach-assist
npm install
npm run build
# Load unpacked extension in Chrome
```

## 📝 Important Notes

- **CV Parser**: Currently a stub returning mock data. Replace with real parser.
- **JD Normalizer**: Currently a stub with defaults. Replace with LLM extraction.
- **Endorsement Writer**: ✅ **LLM-based implementation complete!** Uses OpenAI API with automatic fallback to rule-based if `OPENAI_API_KEY` is not set. See `recruit-assist-api/README.md` for environment variable setup.
- **CORS**: Currently open (`allow_origins=["*"]`). Tighten before production.
- **Authentication**: Not implemented yet. Add before exposing outside localhost.
- **Tests**: Test suite covers stubs. Add golden pairs when implementing real parsers.

## 🎯 Current Commit

- **Latest Commit**: `e2acea3`
- **Branch**: `main`
- **Repository**: https://github.com/HTwebsitesolution/BershawRecruitment

---

**Last Updated**: November 3, 2025
**Status**: Backend foundation complete, ready for implementation phase
